Mercury singing: Tonight I'm gonna have myself
a real good time.
I feel ali-i-i-ive.
And the world,
it's turning inside out.
Yeah.
I'm floating around in ecstasy.
men singing: So don't stop me now.
Don't stop me.
Mercury singing: 'Cause I'm having a good time.
men singing: Having a good time.
Mercury singing: I'm a shooting star, leaping through the sky
like a tiger defying the laws of gravity.
I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva.
I'm gonna go, go, go.
There's no stopping me.
I'm burning through the sky, yeah.
200 degrees.
That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit.
I'm traveling at the speed of light.
I wanna make...
men singing: A supersonic man out of you.
Don't stop me now.
Mercury singing: I'm having such a good time.
I'm having a ball.
men singing: Don't stop me now.
Mercury singing: If you wanna have a good time,
just give me a call.
men singing: Don't stop me now.
Mercury singing: 'Cause I'm having a good time.
Mercury singing: Yes, I'm having a good time.
I don't want to stop at all.
La da da da da...
da da da.